Parts of the city	Some examples are the downtown area, the uptown area, the suburbs.
Parts of the city	Different neighborhoods within a large place where people live.
Parts of the city	In Boston, examples are Chinatown, the North End, the Back bay.
the outskirts	A place where people live that is not the central part of the city.
the outskirts	When you live here, you live away from the center of the city.
neighborhood	A nearby area.
neighborhood	Where you and the people around you live.
neighborhood	Mister Roger's ...
business district	A part of the city where you can go to do some shopping.
business district	A part of the city where you can visit a bank or buy something.
business district	A part of the city where things are bought and sold.
residential neighborhood	A part of the city where people go home to at night.
residential neighborhood	A part of the city where people live and do not work.
residential neighborhood	A part of the city where you find houses and not businesses.
downtown	The center of the city.
downtown	The opposite of uptown.
downtown	The opposite of suburbs.
suburbs	The opposite of downtown.
suburbs	Where people move to get a bigger house or a larger lawn.
suburbs	Where people live that is far from the center of the city.
bathroom	A place where one can wash oneself.
bathroom	A place containing a toilet.
bathroom	A place where you can take a shower.
bathroom	A place where you can freshen up.
bathroom	In a bar or restaurant, there are two, marked "men" and "women."
interviewer	The host of a TV show who questions another person.
interviewer	Someone who asks you questions.
announcer	On a TV show, a person who introduces the next part of the show.
announcer	On a TV show, the person who speaks first and says who will be on the show.
participant	Someone who takes part in something.
participant	Someone who plays in a game, or takes part in a benefit walk.
participant	Someone who takes part in an activity.
audience	You buy a ticket for a movie, and then you are part of it.
audience	In the theater, not the performers, but the people who watch the performance.
the body	It has arms and legs, and a torso and a head.
the body	Your physical presence is housed in this.
toaster	I put bread in the x this morning.
toaster	The x burned my pizza -- I'll use an oven next time!
toaster	Never use an x in the bathtub.
toaster	When will my breakfast finally pop out of the x?
toaster	John's favorite screensaver has flying x's.
toaster	What's more important in the kitchen -- an x or a microwave?
toaster	When eating eggs & bread for breakfast, don't put the *eggs* in the x.
toaster	An x makes things warm and crunchy.
toaster	x's make Eggo Waffles possible.
toaster	I love the "ding" of my x in the morning.
toaster	When usign an x, you much choose between "light" and "dark".
toaster	You could just eat bread & jam, or you could use an x first.
toaster	Sometimes an x is like a tiny oven.
toaster	I can't wait until my bread pops out of the x!
toaster	x is used with bread more than any other food.
toaster	How many pieces of bread does your x hold?
toaster	It would be very strange to have an x in your bedroom.
toaster	Use the x, but don't do it for too long!
toaster	My x is next to the microwave. How about yours?
toaster	An x makes your food crispy.
toaster	The x was invented in 1893.
toaster	The modern pop-up x was invented in 1919.
toaster	x's and sliced bread go great together.
toaster	I like to put my bagels in the x.
toaster	In dining halls, you'll see x's with conveyor belts.
to hope	Everyone x's to win the lottery some day.
to hope	I x you have a nice day.
to hope	John x's to find a job soon.
to hope	Everybody x's they'll be healthy.
to hope	I x you visit again soon!
to hope	I x this spot washes out!
to hope	Many people x for world peace.
to hope	I x things work out for you!
to hope	I x you find your car keys!
to hope	John x's to go back to school some day.
to hope	Mary x's to be on time, but she might get stuck in traffic.
to hope	Kate x's she'll ace the exam.
to hope	I x I don't catch your cold!
to hope	Kids x their parents will buy them ice cream.
to hope	Who do you x to be when you grow up?
to hope	I x you have a  good time in Hawaii!
to hope	We x we get everything done in time.
to hope	I x nothing bad happens tomorrow.
to hope	We all x Zack comes home safely.
to hope	Tom always x's that he'll catch Jerry.
to hope	Pirates x they'll find treasure.
to hope	I x next year is better than the last.
to hope	I x dinner will be ready soon.
to hope	The candidate x's he'll be elected.
to hope	The postman x's the packages are light today.
curtains	Some people don't use them.
curtains	You usually leave them at home.
curtains	Everyone who passes by can see them.
curtains	They can keep passersby from seeing the inside of your house.
curtains	They are often soft.
curtains	They can become very dusty.
curtains	You can open and close them.
curtains	Sometimes they are made of lace.
curtains	They are a household item.
curtains	They can be made from a variety of materials, but usually look like cloth.
curtains	They come in different opacities.
curtains	They resemble items often found on beds.
curtains	They may appear in all the rooms of a house.
curtains	You might want them to match paint.
curtains	Sometimes they touch the ceiling, other times they touch the floor.
curtains	They usually have two sections.
curtains	They block light.
curtains	You would move them to get a view.
curtains	You might use a pole to hang them.
curtains	You might tie them back.
curtains	Some people vacuum these.
curtains	Many people only close these at night.
curtains	You only need these if you have windows.
curtains	Many showers use a different kind of these.
curtains	They don't take up much space in a room.
to recommend	You might do this for a friend.
to recommend	Some people use the internet to find out if people have done this.
to recommend	When there are multiple alternatives, you want someone to do this.
to recommend	People do this for things they like.
to recommend	Many people do this on websites without getting anything in return.
to recommend	You can only do this while you are awake.
to recommend	You can do this while sitting down.
to recommend	Businesses want you to do this for them.
to recommend	You can do this for a place you've visited just once.
to recommend	You must have used or visited something to do this.
to recommend	You can be far away from something while you do this.
to recommend	People must speak or write to do this.
to recommend	People like this when it happens to them.
to recommend	You must have people do this for you when applying to universities or jobs.
to recommend	Doctors sometimes do this.
to recommend	People can do this at any time there is someone else around.
to recommend	You need at least two people for this to take place.
to recommend	Someone who asks to do this for you probably wants to help you.
to recommend	Someone needs to know your preferences to do this well.
to recommend	People might do this differently for different people.
to recommend	A waiter might be asked to do this for different dishes on a menu.
to recommend	Animals can't do this.
to recommend	This can be done for people as well as objects.
to recommend	People do this differently depending on their opinions.
to recommend	People usually don't gain anything from this.
